[GSC-5051] Add documentation on the new formatting options to autograders (#92)
gradescope/autograder_samples: docs/specs.md

[<img src="../test_status.png" width="1253px" />](test_status.png)

### Output String Formatting

You can add rich formatting to your autograder output to further
customize your autograder experience for students.

Options for the the format field are as follows:

* `"text"` (default for test output and names) - This will do the
basic text formatting which was previously done on all test names
and outputs. No html, markdown, or ansi will be rendered.
* `"simple_format"` (default for top level output) - This is very
similar to the `"html"` format option but will also convert `\n`
into `<br />` and `\n\n+` into a page break.

> * `"html"` - This will render html in your output. Note that we sanitize out
> so you may not be able to use all of the normal html elements!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `"html"` - This will render html in your output. Note that we sanitize the
output so you may not be able to use all html elements! Additionally, not all
tags will be styled out of the box.
```

> * `"simple_format"` (default for top level output) - This is very

Reviewer 2: Can we put the simple_format bullet point below the HTML one?

Author: Done

> * `"simple_format"` (default for top level output) - This is very

Reviewer 2: Add hyphen to top-level

Author: done

similar to the `"html"` format option but will also convert `\n`
into `<br />` and `\n\n+` into a page break.
* `"html"` - This will render html in your output. Note that we sanitize the

> output so you may not be able to use all html elements! Additionally, not all

Reviewer 2: Let's remove the exclamation point after "elements"

Author: Done

> tags will be styled out of the box.

Author: I dont know if we can give an official list. We are using a library for sanitizing out stuff and we can always modify that though Im not sure we can give an easy list or if we should point them to the library.
